Create ui-c8y-1024-2-4-force-merge-option-in-the-data-graph-now-behaves-as-expected.md (#4928)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1024-2-4-force-merge-option-in-the-data-graph-now-behaves-as-expected.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fix Y-Axis Internationalization and Number Formatting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Updated Y-Axis internationalization and number formatting
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-67082
version: 1024.2.4
---

> We updated Y-axis labels to use the same internationalization standards as chart tooltips. Numbers on the Y-axis now match your preferred region and language settings using clean, compact formatting, making chart navigation seamless and consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Y-axis labels have been updated to use the same internationalization standards as chart tooltips. Numbers on the Y-axis now match your preferred region and language settings using clean, compact formatting, making chart navigation seamless and consistent.
```
